welcome back to our two times a week
discussion of Pokemon X&Y sequels stuff
well what a great intro that was but
this week what we're gonna be talking
about and we kind of already did it but
what we're gonna be talking about this
week is actually
volcanium and what volcanium what kind
of role volcanion could have and a in a
setting where you know it would be a
Pokemon X&Y sequel and are the
powerplant doors related well let's just
try and go over that a little bit so as
all of you know
volcanium exists it's an actual Pokemon
and we're expecting to see it in the
next sequel games which is another
reasons to why we're probably gonna see
if Pokemon X&Y sequel it's because of
volcanion and it would just be weird if
there wasn't a third game for the
generation of six that was weird to say
but the interesting thing about this is
that the powerplant doors have always
been locked
three of the four or two of the four at
least have always been locked and no one
has ever really been able to figure out
why's no one no one knows now I am NOT
saying well here's the thing for actual
Pokemon X&Y those powerplant doors are
probably gonna stay locked forever ever
and ever but if there are actual X&Y
sequel games maybe that's where we would
go and actually catch volcanion I know
for hoopin diancie they've just been
regular gifts but you know what if
that's where we would actually go catch
volcanion and the power plane you know
there could be multiple doors you have
to go through to get to this to get to
the third door you got to go through
first and then get out get a key get a
key to second da da do the same thing
for the third maybe it works like that
and then you go a volcano and maybe it's
gonna be something special for for Kenny
maybe volcanion could have even a bigger
role than Koopa and diancie would keep
in mind at this time too you know the
moon
for volcanium which should be around
probably next year 2016 middle of July
like it was for this year for hooba
that's why we should probably expect to
see something about volcanion and you
know I feel like since that's not that
far away and the release date for the
next Pokemon X&Y sequel games could be
in March or it could even maybe be in
April you know two months away
especially for Jeff Japan you know I
feel like that they could actually turn
this thing into an actual events to
where you go and catch volcanion and
then you know there's that there's a
whole you know backstory to it there's
you know a lot of the vets you have to
do and whatnot it's not like you know
just diancie and Hoopa where you
basically just get the Pokemon you know
changes form and whether it's a mega or
of course you know for Bupa it's a
different kind of form that it changes
into but I figure that's something that
would have volcana don't know what kind
of mega evolution or what kind of format
yet that's something talked about under
the time but it's just so weird that
those power plant doors have been there
and that no one's been able to open them
and there's nothing at all in the X&Y
coding that will let you open those
power plant doors nothing at all nothing
and just nobody knows what to do about
it nobody has an answer as to why those
power plant doors are open no nobody
from Game Freak Asst or closed no one
from Game Freak has spoken about it and
I'm feeling like that there is some sort
of importance to that for the Pokemon
X&Y sequels which is why again there's
just so many reasons as to why there has
to be a Pokemon X&Y sequel that there
wasn't then forget the power plant doors
it just wouldn't matter anymore
forget volcanion forget die guard all
these guys so that's why I definitely
think it's gonna be a Pokemon X with my
sequel but more importantly what's gonna
be with those power plant doors or those
door is gonna be connect to two
volcanion and how how's this all gonna
play out how you know are gonna be able
to catch him what kind of form is e and
just stuff like that and I just think
there's a lot of backstory to the second
potential
robbed especially with you know an event
for him probably being only a couple
months after not like you know seven or
eight months after like it was for
diancie
and whooping for diancie was a year for
koopa it's still probably gonna be at
least ten months but you know um for
actual volcanion at least on the japan
side it's gonna be a couple of months
it's gonna be right there - so I'm just
saying I feel like volcanion has a
pretty big back story pretty big part of
the plot and poke in a in a Pokemon X&Y
sequel and I feel like the power plant
doors are gonna be related to it and
maybe you know it has something to do
with diancie - maybe Koopa I don't know
maybe you know those guys are somehow
put into this - because those three are
the last three Pokemon in the national
dex right now that's all we got and it's
gonna be interesting to see what happens
so anyways hopefully all of you guys
enjoyed this quick video let me know
what you think are behind those
powerplant doors let me know if you
think it's connected to volcanion and
what kind of form you would think
volcanium weakened since Koopa and
diancie both have actual different forms
so let me know down below in the
comments I'll see you all later have a
good day bye bye